the word became to Jeremiah from the
Lord after never the radon the captain
of the guard had let him go from ring
when he had taken him bound in chains
among all who were carried away captured
from Jerusalem and Judah who were
carried away captive to Babylon and the
captain of the guard took Jeremiah and
said to him the Lord your God has
pronounced this doom on this place now
the Lord has brought it and has done
just as he said because you people have
sinned against the Lord and not obeyed
his voice therefore this thing has come
upon you
and now look I free you this day from
the chains that were on your hand if it
seems good to you to come with me to
Babylon come and I will look after you
but if it seems wrong for you to come
with me to Babylon remain here see all
the land is before you wherever it seems
good and convenient for you to go go
there now while Jeremiah had not yet
gone back never the Raiden said go back
to get a liar the son of a High Camp the
son of shaphan whom the king of Babylon
has made governor over the cities of
Judah and dwell with him among the
people or go wherever it seems
convenient for you to go so the captain
of the guard gave him rationalists
and a gift a mutant girl then Jeremiah
went to get alive the son of a hike to
Misbah and dwelt with him among the
people who were left in the land and
when all the captains of the armies who
were in the fields they and their men
heard that the king of Babylon had made
get a liar the son of a High Camp
governor in the land and had committed
to him men women children and the
poorest of the land who had not been
carried away captive to Babylon then
they came to get alive at Lisbon Ishmael
the son of nephal Maya Johannine and
Jonathan the sons of Korea Surya the son
of can yuma 'the the sons of ePHI the
new tougher fight and jazz Anaya the son
of a mayor fight they and their men and
get alive the son of a hiker the son of
shaphan took an oath
man do not be afraid to serve the
Chaldeans dwell in the land and serve
the king of Babylon and it shall be well
with you as for me I will indeed well at
Mizpah and serve the Chaldeans who come
to us but you gather wine and summer
fruit and oil put them in your vessels
and dwell in your cities that you have
taken my father's and all the Jews who
were in Moab among the ammonites in Edom
and who were in all the countries heard
that the king of Babylon had left a
remnant of Judah and that he had set
over them get a lyre the son of a High
come the son of shaphan then all the
Jews returned out of all places where
they had been driven and came to the
land of Judah to get a liar at Misbah
and gathered wine and some of fruit in
abundance
moreover johannem the son of career and
all the captains of the forces that were
in the fields came together lie at
misper and said to him do you certainly
know that bayless the king of the
ammonites has sent Ishmael the son of
Nathaniel urder you but get a liar the
son of a hika me did not believe them
then Joe Haman the son of career spoke
secretly to get a liar
invisible let me go please and I will
kill Ishmael the son of Nathaniel and no
one will know it
why should he murder you so that all the
Jews who are gathered to you would be
scattered and the remnant in Judah
perish but get a liar the son of a high
come said to Joe Haman the son of Korea
you shall not do this thing for you
speak falsely concerning Ishmael
you